# Halloween

It's Halloween and the fireworks are popping off.  I typically look forward to Halloween every year, but this year felt different.  In the last month or so I've significantly increased how much networking I am doing.  On one hand this has been interesting and on another it has been exhausting.  

Early this morning I woke up in a sweat paralyzed in a nightmare.  I was at my grandma's funeral.  It was just about to begin and then someone asked me to go do something that would take me away from presumably most of the funeral.  I was frustrated.  Why couldn't someone else do this?  It made little sense and I mostly knew I was in a dream, but like a video game I had no choice but to proceed with the quest I had been assigned.

I left the funeral on a long trek across whatever weird place I was in.  I don't remember what I was supposed to do, but getting there required traversing some difficult jungle like terrain.  When I got to where I was supposed to go, what I needed wasn't there.  I rushed back to hopefully make it back to the funeral on time, but found that there was nobody there.  In fact, there was nothing there.  I felt helpless and confused.  Just as I began to feel desperate and lost my stomach woke me up.  

I ended up taking the day off.  My body hurt and I had little energy to do anything.  The guilt came rolling in.  "You don't deserve to take any time off".  "There's so much to do".  I was feeling bad enough that eventually I let go of all of this and took the day to rest.

I eventually made it outside, despite feeling not great.  I was feeling numb from Tylenol, but managed to have one of the most relaxing walks I've had in a long time.  At one point I watched a bald eagle land in crow territory and watched as the crows teamed up to dive bomb it until it left.  On the way back I saw another bald eagle and stopped to watch for a bit.  This time seagulls and crows were around chasing it.  But then something in the water caught my attention.  Something was thrashing about in the water and I couldn't make out what it was.  At first I thought it was a dog that was drowning.  I looked around and saw a couple other people watching.  They didn't seem concerned so I must not be seeing correctly.  I've seen many seals in this water, but this thing was large.  I'm now realizing it was likely a sea lion.  I'm still not fully sure what the situation was, but my guess was that there was a school of fish in the area and everyone was trying to grab a snack.  It was pretty neat to see all of this at once. 

There's a lot more I could write, but I'm going to stop here.  This has been a surprisingly successful attempt to do some writing.  I've been stuck in some patterns that I would like to break and I think writing might be one of the cures.  