# November 1, 2023

If I'm going to consistently write here, I probably need to set this up to store posts in a database and be able to modify them directly from this site.  We'll see if I decide to get to that after writing this post. 

Feeling mostly better today.  Which is a relief because yesterday I thought this was going to take a week to recover from.  

## Have you tried turning it on and off again?

Every time I get sick, I find that I use it as a natural reset.  I've been needing a reset for a while.  It's funny how this is not too different from our electronics.  For some I think it's hard to believe, but we are probably quite close to computers that teeter into the the sentient realm.

## Nonessential Workers

When COVID came through, we were hit with the term "nonessential workers".  I have always had anxiety about whether the work that I do actually matters and this was just another reminder that in a lot of ways it doesn't.  There are lots of different directions I could take this topic and I can't quite focus on coherently making any of them right now.

## Testing Grounds

I like having a place to write publicly.  It forces me to think more coherently.  Considering most of my inner thoughts happen without words, this is helpful to me to better understand myself even.  When I started this particular blog, I didn't want to write something every day because I thought this would be overwhelming to others. But, I think it'll just be up to the reader to moderate.  Anything that's not a well structured post won't really be shared anywhere, so unless you are choosing to come read this, it won't be in your face.

## Music

I uploaded two new karaoke recordings to Kaizen today [Your Song](https://kaizen.place/track/6542ce0533971d0e749c1fca) and [Say Something](https://kaizen.place/track/6542d1d133971d0e749c21a0).  I think the selection of songs I have there is what I might cap it at for now.  I would like to schedule an event where I invite friends and others to a performance.  If I do this, I'd probably plan one in Vancouver and then another in Los Angeles to cover both sets of people I know.  These events would also be somewhat of a promotion of Kaizen.  Without the acceptance of work in progress music, I don't think I ever would have started this journey over two years ago.  It's taken a long time, but I have grown a lot in this time.  

### Tomorrow

Tomorrow I will aim to have a full playthrough of the piano recorded and uploaded to Kaizen.  Every time I've done this before it has helped prove to me that it's not that hard.  Once I've done it once, it becomes a lot easier to just repeat that over and over.

### This Week

I still have to fully learn Your Song and Say Something on the piano and then refine my singing and playing for all of them.  I've already learned most of Your Song, but keep telling myself it's too difficult.  In the next week I would like to upload a version of this with me singing and playing through the full song. I know the vocals quite well, so this will mostly mean practicing the piano.  

### Next Week

Next week I aim to do the same process with Say Something.  I think the piano on this one seems a bit easier so it might go even faster.  At least for "first successful playthrough".  I have plenty to do in terms on making it actually sound good.

### This month

With those two songs out of the way, I have **most** of what I want ready.  I can drill through each song daily to continue to develop them further and work with vocal coaches to improve as well.  What I would like to begin is the song writing process.  I'm hoping to prepare one original to include as part of this set.  It doesn't really need to be good, and most likely won't be.  But I think this is a great stretch goal and helps prepare me for a future world where more of what I play are originals.