# 2023-11-03

## Tech

Last night brought the first Hoozin incident.  It's amazing how much more calm I am with these now.  It was still a harsh reminder how quickly things can go wrong.  I woke up early energized by it and proceeded to investigate further.  I've been trying to figure out all day why I'm feeling off and I'm now realizing because the simple task of making a query to the database was impossible.  AWS serves these huge tech companies and ends up having to expose an excessive amount of options that are supremely overwhelming.  After about an hour I gave up.  I just spent the most valuable part of my day clicking around an utterly confusing interface.  

 There's a fine line between wasting your time and getting closer to a solution.  I have a very rough policy that if something is taking more than 30 minutes and I haven't made any new progress in that time I drop it and move onto something else.  There are certain cases where the thing is high enough priority where this isn't a good idea, but often you can put it on the shelf.  The subconcious is a fascinating thing.  I will often find myself with the solution the next morning without having spent any focused time working on it.  

## Music

On November 1 I wrote that I wanted to upload a version of me singing and playing Your Song within the week.  [Bam](https://www.instagram.com/reel/CzMrT15yyON/), two days later it's done.  There's something stupidly powerful about writing that goal down and throwing it out into the world.  All of a sudden I feel like I HAVE to do it. 

I'm now looking to move on to Say Something.  It starts off fairly easy, but each section adds a few more bits that I keep getting overwhelmed by and leaving to learn at another time.  I probably need to map out what I already know, and then focus on breaking down the new sections one by one.  

I uploaded [this](https://www.instagram.com/reel/Cw3s-1ONANO/) with just the intro.  I can probably follow this up with just the:

```
And I am feeling so small
It was over my head
I know nothing at all
And I will stumble and fall
I'm still learning to love
Just starting to crawl
```

part.  Pretty sure I already know all of this, so maybe I just record that and then I'm forced to move on to the next section.

## Engram

A mixture of my experience with AWS this morning and how much I dread starting new web development projects because of how many things I need to do just to get it deployed...I've decided tomorrow morning I'm going to review the engram cli.  When I first began the project, you could just run "eg deploy" from a folder and the whole folder would get deployed. For a variety of reasons, new layers came into the mix.  Namely automated builds off of Github.  This is useful for its own applications, but it ended up breaking and killing the CLI and that magic was gone.  I will likely remove public access from the automated Github side of things and bring a focus back to just simple frontend applications.  This project is going to take a little bit of a backseat to Kaizen for the next little while, but I get so much utility out of being able to quickly deploy web applications, that at this point I'm building this for myself.  Once I use it enough, I hopefully have a better idea of what it is and should be.  

## Meta

I'm slowly trying to narrow down a handful of topics that I write about.  I think doing so will make it easier to prompt myself into writing and probably also ends up being easy to understand.