# Anxiety

It only took a month before I broke my social media pact.  Unfortunately, it feels like Twitter is a key place to build a following which will be essential to some of the work I am preparing to announce.  Maybe one day I'll just have some email subscription option here and dump everything else.

I really want this post to be about anxiety, but I'm struggling to write it.  Ironically most of what's holding me back is my own anxiety.  "Nobody cares" my brain tells me.  Even if that's true and you're reading this...guess what, saying it is not helpful to anyone.  If you don't enjoy reading this right now you can stop and go somewhere else.  

I'd like to start some mechanism for sharing multiple iterations of a post.  I already don't like how this has started off, but writing through this is the only way to get through to what I'm trying to say.  Writing and communicating thoughts clearly and succinctly is an impressively difficult task. 

If you didn't already know I have pretty bad anxiety at times.  This is not something we sit down and talk about much in our world, but we really need to start. We all got thrown into this world with some random set of gene mutations that made us who we are today.  I have no idea what your cocktail brought you, it might be similar, or you might have no understanding of what I'm about to describe. I'm writing this mostly for me to better understand what is going on, but also in hopes of educating other people on what I (and others like me experience).

One second I will be calm, happy, or just generally having a good time. But then all of a sudden I will have some kind of negative thought. It often starts with something innocuous "your hair looks dumb today" or "why did you say that weirdly". Unfortunately, this is just the beginning.  Once this has occurred it feels like the Terrorists in Counter-Strike just planted the C4.  I bring my attention to my breath and try to lock down my brain.  

I've gotten much better in recent years, but there are still the days where I slide all the way to the bottom.  My heartrate picks up and those around become aware that something has shifted.  The spiral in my head begins as thoughts start appearing faster than I can process them.  I get frustrated by my own brain betraying me and often the other person in the room is wondering what the hell is wrong with me.

Now I'm worrying about what they're thinking about me and reliving every past moment that this situation has occurred for me. By this stage, I've already lost my ability to have a proper conversation.

"This always happens"
"Why can't you keep it together"
"This will pass... just let it pass"
"This is why people don't like you"
"Why would anyone want to be with this"

I have won this battle in my life before, and I hope to one day slay this demon for good. 